c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\Tetris.exe
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\Tetris.pdb
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\obj\x86\Debug\Tetris.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\obj\x86\Debug\Tetris.exe
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\obj\x86\Debug\Tetris.pdb
c:\users\willb\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\redsquare.xnb
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\obj\x86\Debug\Tetris.exe
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\obj\x86\Debug\Tetris.pdb
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\redsquare.xnb
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\Tetris.exe
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\Tetris.pdb
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\WillB\Desktop\Tetris\Tetris\obj\x86\Debug\Tetris.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Will\Downloads\Tetris-2015-08-27\Tetris\Tetris\obj\x86\Debug\Tetris.exe
C:\Users\Will\Downloads\Tetris-2015-08-27\Tetris\Tetris\obj\x86\Debug\Tetris.pdb
